Mandal II in the making.
15
12
2002
When will the reservation issue end? A replay of the anti-reservation stir is anticipated, and if it happens, there will be chaos all over again. The AIIMS doctors have been protesting against the issue since the last ten days, but to no avail. The leaders are showing a callous attitude towards the issue. What they don’t realise is that it is their own people who are being affected adversely. I think the increase in the reservation is brutal and insensitive. The generalcategory of students shall suffer for no fault of theirs. It’s such a desperate and helpless situation. Will we be given some respite from the issue? I hope and pray that we emerge as winners in this agitation. Rahul.
My class picnic
16
12
2009
I am feeling very excited tonight. I am going on a picnic tomorrow with my classmates. Some of our teachers will also accompany us. We have been planning for this trip ever since our principal gave us permission a month ago. We are going to Nehru Park. It has a large ground where children can run around and play freely. I have packed some food items including potato chips and chewing gum. My mother has made a dozen sandwiches and a cake. My friends will also be bringing some food, and we shall all share and eat. I am also carrying my cricket bat with me. We plan to play a match. I feel I just cannot go to sleep tonight. I keep imagining all the fun that we are going to have tomorrow. But my mother came into the room just now and warned me that if I do not go to sleep now, I might fall asleep at the picnic! As if that is ever going to happen! But may be she’s right. So, good night! Jayashree
Can't not sleep.
31
05
2010
After I woke up this morning, I made the regrettable decision of waking up. I tried to go back to sleep, but I could not even relax. Today was one of those days where either I get up, or I get up. I then decided to go outside, but because it was raining, I got wet. I went back inside, felt tired enough to go back to bed, but I still had to change out of my wet clothes. Then I got a phone call from you know who. I got so excited that I didn’t care that I was naked, tired, and there was a puddle on the floor. We are going on a date this Friday. I don’t know how I’m going to sleep. What am I going to wear? :naked dance: :singing in the rain: oh diary, one day I’ll look back on this and say remember when I didn’t pay attention to anything but the phone ringing.
Not today.
19
11
2016
Its been so long since I last shared anything with you, to be precise 7 months. Last time when we met was the day before I entered into labour room. Motherhood is what has kept me away from you for so long, I have so many things to share. Wait, I think baby has got up. I need to go, will share all the things with you some other day hopefully soon. :)
My Sunday (-_-)
01
07
2019
Today,I'm so stressful. When I woke up, my brain start thinking what will I do for my Sunday. Do you why I'm so stressful?, It isn't the time to go out to find somewhere to enjoy my Sunday,Cuz I didn't do the presentation slide for my project yet.